Fail to act on, but presenting a situation of in-efficiency and mishandling on the part of the executive
which would come under the direct purview of this committee by the mandate of the Legislative Reorganization Act.
Thank you.
Thank you Chairman.
Well the most important thing is that we have been to provide information to the committee here that will not fall
towards the different departments.
Well to the FBI, we answered very, very simple.
We know the positive, the possibly the, that all of the information that we have is available to the
departments in front.
And there are no reasons to get information from the department's files and turn around and send it back to that department of the great waste of time.
Mr. Chairman, I would like to make a announcement here that I'm, may I talk to Senator Flanders in the floor of the senate.
I pointed out to him that yesterday he made a speech attacking me.
I pointed out that he had not, and those in the usual, courtesy of calling me to tell me he was right or attacked me.
I pointed out that he had an effect on me, the statement that Senator Wisconsin was guilty of some wrongdoing
and I told him that I thought that the report should, the committee would be interested in getting the files under oath.
And so I know that the Chair of the Republican Center is here and I have the data to take the oath from the head of information.
I asked him whether he was going forward here and under oath tell us what he knew but this alleged wrongdoing, he felt that he had no information of any kind or nature except
funny as read in the daily news picture.
And, however, I do think Mr. Chairman, when he or the facts of this, the facts was made during the hearing and I read just the wrong plan from a canopy that are zenith, meaning the facts.
So, I'm glad to have been making trouble for his elder. It has a blast, and it's a troubling self.
Was the committee plan to investigate the real issues at stake? I think if the Senator from Vermont knows any trouble in which the Senator Wisconsin has gotten, he should come over and re-taused the button.
I think if you feel the committee needs his advice or to investigate what he calls to the real issues, he should give us that valuable advice.
I'm not going to make the formal request with the Chairman to be called but I wish the Chair would call a Senator from Vermont and talk to him and see if he does have any information.
If not, I think he should publicly admit that this was a smear manufactured out of the gold claw.
And I would like to have the Chair consider going and be with Mr. Cron.
One of the customs raised by Senator and Senator Nub, the committee is necessary to expose communist world that couldn't be done by the Department of the Law.
The owner of the U.S. was very curious when you were working for the Department of Justice and the Office of the Justice in the case of communist infiltration of the U.N. to grant your aid.
You tell us about obstacles that were placed in your way but difficultly you have had in getting that recombinant infiltration exposed.
Yes, very briefly the situation there was we started off with one member of the Silomest Despite and with the Chairman.
No, Senator Monis, the media from his work on the Un-American Activity Committee.
The man named Irving Caclin, who developed the spite of the fact that the man had been named in the Communist spy, he ended up working in the Secretary of the United Nations.
We called him in before a grand jury, one thing led to another and before too many, once went by it developed there was some 35 or 36.
The government, the government, was working in fairly important positions in the Secretary of the United Nations.
All of them being American citizens, many of them.
Since the Dupre's unfortunate, the members, yes or I was one of those, it many of them had worked for the administration before they had gone with the Secretary of the United Nations.
We presented the case to the grand jury, the grand jury was very properly incensed about it, prepared a present,
so make public all of the facts concerned than the existence of this network of communists, American communists in the Secretary of the United Nations.
They were attenced by certain people in the Justice Department to stop the issuance of that presentment.
They succeeded temporarily, they failed ultimately in December of 1952.
The presentment, the beginning of December, the presentment was finally issued and the public served and there was a brief congressional investigation.
The only issue that was known, the only issue that was the case, I believe, was what I had to do with the case, not important enough to mention the issue.
There was nothing to say or aware of the fact that the case was the case.
The only issue that you can prevent, so that's not meant for a congressional committee having exposed the fact that the case was the day with the pre-yesary.
Well, with regard to the first failure to investigation of the CIA and response to Mr. Jackson's question of what other investigation were conducting,
I think we should trust recast the facts and that case for the members of those.
The Thunderstaffes of Kirk, we have the files of the member of the science about alleged, drummed, essential, frightened, corruption, dishonesty, and the CIA.
Some of the information came from the strikeup.
After we had made a preliminary investigation, it was correct that we decided that I should have a meeting with two of the members of the White House staff, the applicants of the Attorney General, one of our highly elected officials, the elected branch, someone to find nice heart, as I am not the one who find nice heart.
Here in a that time, I reported back to the staff that I was convinced, liable to fight out hate, justice, department, federal individual, and to the that time, it was not me and the public interest of all public hearings on the CIA.
Well, that's the decision here of the administrative.
Yes, I am.
I just wondering whether we're going into another subject right now, I might say that as one member of the committee, I never heard about this meeting with the White House fan.
I don't know what the other member, you have no idea because you were not on the committee.
You have had some of yourself looking around.
Well, now what is that?
You recall that you did have Mr. Donald's up while we were on the committee.
When was this meeting?
I think it's after you left on a direct check to the shore.
I am reasonably certain it was.
Well, if we've been on the committee, we would have investigated it.
I'm going to be investigation dropped.
I may have met some of the signings and made these suggestions that I contact the White House before we decide to have any public hearings.
And it's just with the White House, whether or not we get complete cooperation from the White House.
I don't think the meeting was actually held and left the committee.
I can check the date from now.
I don't think the meeting was held before you left the committee.
So, you know, for the White House, as well as the Senate, you know, that the White House is not on the committee.
But at the time, when the committee was considering investigating the central intelligence agency, my ass was not because of my conviction that it was one of the most sensitive agencies from the standpoint of our national security.
As a poor, he went ahead with the investigation.
He cleared the president's debt.
And he said at that time that he would be glad to do it that way.
Microex, that's not the problem with the correct.
I think that's not the problem.
I think maybe some of the judgments that the meeting actually was held before the Democrats left the committee.
I thought, in the other facts, the deal was that the question we should make is clear.
And I'll also leave the subject back in the first time that I left it like that.
Give me time, I have to.
Mr. Cohn, do you agree with me that?
Number one, the administration is certainly heading in the right direction to fire.
Getting rid of Congress is concerned.
Number two, that the ridiculous, the complete waste of time, of these exchange of statements between the White House and the committee.
There's no reason on Earth.
There's not much of any Congress between the executive department and this committee, and so far, the force and conducts,
but we all have to be heading the same way.
There should be another extremely frickering, striking approach, less exposure that we should be getting the complete cooperation from the executive.
And that should be flowing both ways as far as the time is going to come.
And if the president is going to have enough time, then he's going to be accomplished because we serve us 50% for the country.
I'm sure that's it.
And that's it up.
Now for the year time of the military, we'll reach that budget.
Thank you, Chair.
Ordinarily, with the hot waves of waves, I would call attention to it, but not tonight.
Mr. Cole, that is the exact number of calmness or subversives that are used today and needs defense plan.
The exact number that is low-starred?
Yes, sir.
I don't know.
How luckily am I?
I can only tell you so what we know about.
But not the hundred and thirty, is that right?
Uh, what's wrong? I'm going to try to take you to the right for you if I can't.
I'm in a hurry.
I don't want the sun to go down how they're still in there if we can get them out.
I'm afraid we won't be able to work that well.
I've got a suggestion about it, sir.
How many hours?
I believe the figure is approximately 130.
I'm approximately 134.
It's above our people, Mr. Welch.
I don't care you've told us who they are and how many plans are they?
How many plans?
Yes, sir. Just one minute.
Seven, three, four, five.
I see sixteen on hand.
Sixteen counts.
What are they, sir?
Uh, Senator McCarthy, we are off the city.
Is that all in her, sir?
Which is definitely if I'm going too far.
I think I can give this.
You can't go too far if you're in communist, Mr. Cohen.
We are off the city, sir.
Yes, sir.
Connected in New York, sir.
Who are you off the city for, as well?
Yes, sir.
Connected in New York, sir.
I choose New York.
Well, New York, Quincy, Massachusetts.
Which Ferdinand, Massachusetts.
Buffalo, New York.
Dunperg, New York.
Another Buffalo, New York.
Cambridge, Massachusetts.
We'll talk about Massachusetts.
Washington, Massachusetts.
Clinton, Massachusetts.
Mr. Cohen, you're not only frightened me.
You make me ashamed when there are so many in Massachusetts.
Now that, I'm, this is not a laughing matter, believe me.
Are you alarmed at that situation, Mr. Cohen?
Yes, sir, I am.
Nothing could be more alarming.
Could it?
Certainly a very alarming thing.
Where do you not be farthest from those down?
Give those names to the FBI and at least have those names, but under surveillance.
Mr. Professor Wells, both may be FBI.
I accept the first term.
Mr. Chairman.
What's not the ridiculous Mr. Wells knows?
As I've told him a dozen times that the FBI has all this information.
The defense plants have the information.
The only thing we can do is to try and publicly expose these individuals
and hope that they'll be getting rid of them.
Then you know that with your love.
I do not know that.
Mr. Cohen, you need to tell us the J. Edgar Cooper
and the FBI know the names of these men and are doing nothing about them.
No, sir. I mean to say...
You mean to tell us they're doing something about them?
Yes, sir.
What are they doing about them?
Yes, what they do about them may not apply to defense department in the appropriate places.
And so they put them under the surveillance.
Security, the appropriate security agencies involved.
The FBI gives them full information.
It is then up to them.
The place where the information goes to decide whether or not they will act on the FBI information.
All the FBI can do is give the information that power ends right there.
They're not the FBI put these 130 men under surveillance.
They force them down tomorrow.
Sir, if there's need for surveillance in case of FBI and I do anything like that,
I can well assure you that Mr. John Edgar Hoover and his men know a lot better than I
and I might respectfully suggest, sir, and probably a lot of us,
just who should be put under surveillance?
I do not propose to tell the FBI how to run its shopping.
And they do it. And they do it. Don't say Mr. Cohen.
When the need arises, of course.
And you tell them tonight, Mr. Cohen, that here is a case where the need has arisen
so that it can be done by sundown tomorrow night.
No, sir. There is no need for my telling the FBI what to do about this or anything else.
Are you sure they know every one of them?
I would take an old find, sir. I think the FBI has complete information.
The last two of you know, communist movement in this country,
and that would include information about these people.
That being told, Mr. Cohen, can you and I both rest easy tonight?
Sir, it's like certainly agree with you, Mr. Welch,
it is a very disturbing situation.
Well, if the FBI has got a firm grasp on these 130 men, I'll go to sleep.
Do you assure me that, so?
Sir, I am sure that the FBI just does its job well,
so that it knows all about these people, that it has told the appropriate agencies about these people,
and that the failure to act goes elsewhere than they've been just in the hands of the FBI.
Just for the purposes of safety, for fear of something could be missed somewhere,
would you mind as a patriotic American citizen sending the 130 men over to the FBI tonight?
Let's be sure we're not taking any time.
What's the mind that it's all about, sir?
When you do it, sir?
What's the most of you, sir?
No, I don't want to yield that.
I want to find out if he will do it, and if he won't, then you'll do it, sir.
That's the term.
And Mr. Cameron, if he won't, you'll do it.
You will do it.
You will have to question.
Will you help me answer?
I asked you to put the word there.
All right, you have to know what I would do, and I want you to know.
That the FBI has complete access to any files we have, any information we have at any time.
The finally, Mr. Wells knows.
I'm sure you do, as well.
That the FBI has no power toward anyone's fire.
You know the example of the under-his-his.
The FBI has fronted all of the information, and he still grows to be a tough man in the state of life.
You know Mr. Wells for the FBI.
So, it's all the information on the spy harried Dexter White.
You know that despite that fact, Mr. Wells, despite the fact that the FBI had given all of the information,
and sent over reports day after day after day, harried Dexter White's the Communist spy,
got to be top-sized real official.
So, let's not deceive the American people by blaming the FBI for a communist being in defense plan.
The FBI has no power to get them out.
We don't know at this time which ones under surveillance.
We don't know how badly dead a reporter may be disturbed or may not be disturbed by this.
We do know, however, that from the two-and-a-half-page memorandum of the other day,
that someone in the FBI was very, very deeply disturbed about communists in the radar laboratory.
So, let's not make a mistake, Mr. Roch, if we agree on this.
I'm trying to believe the American people to believe that the FBI can do anything beyond
get the information that's all they can do.
Well, Mr. Chairman, my confidence in the FBI is simply limited.
And I think Mr. Colton confidence is similar. Is that right, sir?
Yes, sir, that is right.
And all I'm suggesting is that we just nudge him a little and be sure they're busy on these 130.
Would you mind helping nudge them?
Sir, you do not have to nudge the FBI about this or about anything else.
Then they've got the whole 130, have they, Mr. Colton?
I am sure, the sir and the left.
Well, then what's all they excitement about if Jay Edgar Hoover is on the job chasing these 130 communists?
Well, the common, Mr. World's all they excitement about is about the fact that even though Jay Edgar Hoover has information on communism, government and defense plans,
and that even though he has forwarded that information time and time again to the appropriate age and speed and play.
Some of those age and speed and play have failed to take action on the basis of reports submitted by Mr. Hoover.
Well, then as the second line of defense let's send the 130 names to the Department of Defense tonight.
Would you mind doing that?
Whatever the committee directs on that, sir.
I always the committee would direct.
Yet all the names be sent both to the FBI and to the Department of Defense with extreme suddenness.
If you have a welcome, Mr. Smith, this best is spirit, who has the intruders point of order here.
But get my recollection of the resolution that Dr. Boba committee is correct.
We have this.